Create target for installation of libraries and headers into file system (#1519)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: README.md

can be passed as a CMake flag to disable this functionality. This is useful when you'd like to build CMake while using a
different commit from a submodule.

> ### Installation

Reviewer: This section should also mention about the `INSTALL_PLATFORM_LIBS` flag

> The C SDK libraries and platform abstractions can be installed to a file system

Reviewer: How about providing the ability to only install the user provided list of libraries instead of all libraries? Some users may not necessarily want their file system to contain HTTP library if their application only uses MQTT connections

through CMake.
```sh
cmake .. -DBUILD_DEMOS=0 -DBUILD_TESTS=0
make install
```
Note that because `make install` will automatically build the `all` target, it may
be useful to disable building demos and tests with `-DBUILD_DEMOS=0 -DBUILD_TESTS=0`
unless they have already been configured.

By default, the location of headers will be in the default system include path
of the OS such as `/usr/local/include`. For libraries, this will likely

> be `/usr/local/lib`.

Reviewer: This should mention about these locations being specific to Linux environments.

Upon entering `make install`, the location of each library will be specified first
followed by the location of all installed headers:
```

> -- Installing: /usr/local/lib/libaws_iot_defender.so

Reviewer: Should we support building and installing libraries as static archives if user wants? If that increases scope of this PR, it can be done in a follow-up PR.

Author: That is already a feature of CMake and can be specified with `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=0`

```cmake
target_link_libraries(execName PUBLIC aws_iot_defender aws_iot_shadow)
```
Furthermore, the headers can now be included to any compilation unit as system headers:
```c
#include <aws/defender.h>
#include <aws/shadow.h>
```

Note that by default, CMake will install to the default system path for headers and libraries of your OS.
However, an installation path of your choice can be specified by passing the
following flags through CMake:
```sh
cmake .. -DBUILD_DEMOS=0 -DBUILD_TESTS=0 \
-DCSDK_HEADER_INSTALL_PATH="header-path" -DCSDK_LIB_INSTALL_PATH="lib-path"
make install
```

Lastly, a custom config path for any specific library can also be specified through the following CMake flags, allowing
libraries to be compiled with a config of your choice:
```
-DDEFENDER_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="defender-config-path"
-DSHADOW_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="shadow-config-path"
-DJOBS_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="jobs-config-path"
-DOTA_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="ota-config-path"
-DHTTP_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="http-config-path"
-DJSON_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="json-config-path"
-DMQTT_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="mqtt-config-path"
-DPKCS_CUSTOM_CONFIG_PATH="pkcs-config-path"
```

> Note that the file name of the header should not be included in the path.

Reviewer: Should the name of the configs be changed to `...CONFIG_FILE_FOLDER_PATH` to make it clear? The `CONFIG_PATH` suffix suggests providing the entire path to the config file..

Author: Actually, I would prefer `CUSTOM_CONFIG_DIRECTORY`. I don't know why it didn't come to mind earlier.

followed by the location of all installed headers:
```
-- Installing: /usr/local/lib/libaws_iot_defender.so
-- Installing: /usr/local/lib/libaws_iot_shadow.so
...
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/defender.h
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/defender_config_defaults.h
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/shadow.h
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/shadow_config_defaults.h
```
The libraries can now be linked to any build system of your choice (e.g. CMake):
```cmake
target_link_libraries(execName PUBLIC aws_iot_defender aws_iot_shadow)
```
Furthermore, the headers can now be included to any compilation unit as system headers:
```c
#include <aws/defender.h>
#include <aws/shadow.h>
```

Note that by default, CMake will install to the default system path for headers and libraries of your OS.
However, an installation path of your choice can be specified by passing the
following flags through CMake:
```sh
cmake .. -DBUILD_DEMOS=0 -DBUILD_TESTS=0 \
-DCSDK_HEADER_INSTALL_PATH="header-path" -DCSDK_LIB_INSTALL_PATH="lib-path"
make install
```

By default, `-DINSTALL_LIBS` will be set so that every C-SDK library is installed,

> but you may pass this flag yourself and exclude any library that you don't need
> installed from this list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but you may define this flag to install only a subset of the C-SDK libraries from the following list:
```

```
-- Installing: /usr/local/lib/libaws_iot_defender.so
-- Installing: /usr/local/lib/libaws_iot_shadow.so
...
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/defender.h
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/defender_config_defaults.h
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/shadow.h
-- Installing: /usr/local/include/aws/shadow_config_defaults.h
```
The libraries can now be linked to any build system of your choice (e.g. CMake):
```cmake
target_link_libraries(execName PUBLIC aws_iot_defender aws_iot_shadow)
```
Furthermore, the headers can now be included to any compilation unit as system headers:
```c
#include <aws/defender.h>
#include <aws/shadow.h>
```

Note that by default, CMake will install to the default system path for headers and libraries of your OS.
However, an installation path of your choice can be specified by passing the
following flags through CMake:
```sh
cmake .. -DBUILD_DEMOS=0 -DBUILD_TESTS=0 \
-DCSDK_HEADER_INSTALL_PATH="header-path" -DCSDK_LIB_INSTALL_PATH="lib-path"
sudo make install
```

POSIX platform abstractions are used together with the C-SDK libraries in the demos.
By default, these abstractions are also installed but can be excluded by passing

> the flag: `-DINSTALL_PLATFORM_ABSTRACTIONS=0`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the installation of the platform libraries be disabled by default to prevent libraries not specified in the `INSTALL_LIBS` variable from being installed to the system?

Author: Because everything is installed by default unless otherwise specified, I decided to also enable this option by default. Also, I feel like `-DINSTALL_LIBS` should not affect `-DINSTALL_PLATFORM_ABSTRACTIONS` the same way `-DBUILD_DEMOS` does not affect `-DBUILD_TESTS`.
